translationSupport = ['ar', 'de', 'en', 'es', 'fa', 'fr', 'hi', 'id', 'it', 'ja', 'kn', 'ko', 'mr', 'pl', 'pt', 'ru', 'sw', 'ta', 'th', 'tr', 'uk', 'ur', 'vi', 'zh-CN', 'zh-TW']

Name                               Gender    ContentCategories      VoicePersonalities
---------------------------------  --------  ---------------------  --------------------------------------
ar-AE-FatimaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-AE-HamdanNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-BH-AliNeural                    Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-BH-LailaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-DZ-AminaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-DZ-IsmaelNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-EG-SalmaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-EG-ShakirNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-IQ-BasselNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-IQ-RanaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-JO-SanaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-JO-TaimNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-KW-FahedNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-KW-NouraNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-LB-LaylaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-LB-RamiNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-LY-ImanNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-LY-OmarNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-MA-JamalNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-MA-MounaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-OM-AbdullahNeural               Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-OM-AyshaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-QA-AmalNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-QA-MoazNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-SA-HamedNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-SA-ZariyahNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-SY-AmanyNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-SY-LaithNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-TN-HediNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ar-TN-ReemNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-YE-MaryamNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ar-YE-SalehNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive

de-AT-IngridNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
de-AT-JonasNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
de-CH-JanNeural                    Male      General                Friendly, Positive
de-CH-LeniNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-AmalaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-ConradNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-FlorianMultilingualNeural    Male      General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-KatjaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-KillianNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
de-DE-SeraphinaMultilingualNeural  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

en-AU-NatashaNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-AU-WilliamMultilingualNeural    Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-CA-ClaraNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-CA-LiamNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-GB-LibbyNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-GB-MaisieNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-GB-RyanNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-GB-SoniaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-GB-ThomasNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-HK-SamNeural                    Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-HK-YanNeural                    Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-IE-ConnorNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-IE-EmilyNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-IN-NeerjaExpressiveNeural       Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-IN-NeerjaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-IN-PrabhatNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-KE-AsiliaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-KE-ChilembaNeural               Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-NG-AbeoNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-NG-EzinneNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-NZ-MitchellNeural               Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-NZ-MollyNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-PH-JamesNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-PH-RosaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-SG-LunaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-SG-WayneNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-TZ-ElimuNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
en-TZ-ImaniNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-US-AnaNeural                    Female    Cartoon, Conversation  Cute
en-US-AndrewMultilingualNeural     Male      Conversation, Copilot  Warm, Confident, Authentic, Honest
en-US-AndrewNeural                 Male      Conversation, Copilot  Warm, Confident, Authentic, Honest
en-US-AriaNeural                   Female    News, Novel            Positive, Confident
en-US-AvaMultilingualNeural        Female    Conversation, Copilot  Expressive, Caring, Pleasant, Friendly
en-US-AvaNeural                    Female    Conversation, Copilot  Expressive, Caring, Pleasant, Friendly
en-US-BrianMultilingualNeural      Male      Conversation, Copilot  Approachable, Casual, Sincere
en-US-BrianNeural                  Male      Conversation, Copilot  Approachable, Casual, Sincere
en-US-ChristopherNeural            Male      News, Novel            Reliable, Authority
en-US-EmmaMultilingualNeural       Female    Conversation, Copilot  Cheerful, Clear, Conversational
en-US-EmmaNeural                   Female    Conversation, Copilot  Cheerful, Clear, Conversational
en-US-EricNeural                   Male      News, Novel            Rational
en-US-GuyNeural                    Male      News, Novel            Passion
en-US-JennyNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Considerate, Comfort
en-US-MichelleNeural               Female    News, Novel            Friendly, Pleasant
en-US-RogerNeural                  Male      News, Novel            Lively
en-US-SteffanNeural                Male      News, Novel            Rational
en-ZA-LeahNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
en-ZA-LukeNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive

es-AR-ElenaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-AR-TomasNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-BO-MarceloNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-BO-SofiaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-CL-CatalinaNeural               Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-CL-LorenzoNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-CO-GonzaloNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-CO-SalomeNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-CR-JuanNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-CR-MariaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-CU-BelkysNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-CU-ManuelNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-DO-EmilioNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-DO-RamonaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-EC-AndreaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-EC-LuisNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-ES-AlvaroNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-ES-ElviraNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-ES-XimenaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-GQ-JavierNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-GQ-TeresaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-GT-AndresNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-GT-MartaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-HN-CarlosNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-HN-KarlaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-MX-DaliaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-MX-JorgeNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-NI-FedericoNeural               Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-NI-YolandaNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-PA-MargaritaNeural              Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-PA-RobertoNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-PE-AlexNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-PE-CamilaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-PR-KarinaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-PR-VictorNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-PY-MarioNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-PY-TaniaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-SV-LorenaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-SV-RodrigoNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-US-AlonsoNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-US-PalomaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-UY-MateoNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
es-UY-ValentinaNeural              Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-VE-PaolaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive
es-VE-SebastianNeural              Male      General                Friendly, Positive

fa-IR-DilaraNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fa-IR-FaridNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive

fr-BE-CharlineNeural               Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fr-BE-GerardNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CA-AntoineNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CA-JeanNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CA-SylvieNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CA-ThierryNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CH-ArianeNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fr-CH-FabriceNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-FR-DeniseNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fr-FR-EloiseNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
fr-FR-HenriNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-FR-RemyMultilingualNeural       Male      General                Friendly, Positive
fr-FR-VivienneMultilingualNeural   Female    General                Friendly, Positive

hi-IN-MadhurNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
hi-IN-SwaraNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

id-ID-ArdiNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
id-ID-GadisNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

it-IT-DiegoNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
it-IT-ElsaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
it-IT-GiuseppeMultilingualNeural   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
it-IT-IsabellaNeural               Female    General                Friendly, Positive

ja-JP-KeitaNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ja-JP-NanamiNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive

kn-IN-GaganNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
kn-IN-SapnaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

ko-KR-HyunsuMultilingualNeural     Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ko-KR-InJoonNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ko-KR-SunHiNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

mr-IN-AarohiNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive
mr-IN-ManoharNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive

pl-PL-MarekNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
pl-PL-ZofiaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

pt-BR-AntonioNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
pt-BR-FranciscaNeural              Female    General                Friendly, Positive
pt-BR-ThalitaMultilingualNeural    Female    General                Friendly, Positive
pt-PT-DuarteNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
pt-PT-RaquelNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive

ru-RU-DmitryNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ru-RU-SvetlanaNeural               Female    General                Friendly, Positive

sw-KE-RafikiNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
sw-KE-ZuriNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
sw-TZ-DaudiNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
sw-TZ-RehemaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive

ta-IN-PallaviNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ta-IN-ValluvarNeural               Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ta-LK-KumarNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ta-LK-SaranyaNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ta-MY-KaniNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ta-MY-SuryaNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ta-SG-AnbuNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ta-SG-VenbaNeural                  Female    General                Friendly, Positive

th-TH-NiwatNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
th-TH-PremwadeeNeural              Female    General                Friendly, Positive

tr-TR-AhmetNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
tr-TR-EmelNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive

uk-UA-OstapNeural                  Male      General                Friendly, Positive
uk-UA-PolinaNeural                 Female    General                Friendly, Positive

ur-IN-GulNeural                    Female    General                Friendly, Positive
ur-IN-SalmanNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ur-PK-AsadNeural                   Male      General                Friendly, Positive
ur-PK-UzmaNeural                   Female    General                Friendly, Positive

vi-VN-NamMinhNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive

zh-CN-XiaoxiaoNeural               Female    News, Novel            Warm
zh-CN-XiaoyiNeural                 Female    Cartoon, Novel         Lively
zh-CN-YunjianNeural                Male      Sports, Novel          Passion
zh-CN-YunxiNeural                  Male      Novel                  Lively, Sunshine
zh-CN-YunxiaNeural                 Male      Cartoon, Novel         Cute
zh-CN-YunyangNeural                Male      News                   Professional, Reliable
zh-CN-liaoning-XiaobeiNeural       Female    Dialect                Humorous
zh-CN-shaanxi-XiaoniNeural         Female    Dialect                Bright
zh-HK-HiuGaaiNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
zh-HK-HiuMaanNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
zh-HK-WanLungNeural                Male      General                Friendly, Positive
zh-TW-HsiaoChenNeural              Female    General                Friendly, Positive
zh-TW-HsiaoYuNeural                Female    General                Friendly, Positive
zh-TW-YunJheNeural                 Male      General                Friendly, Positive

objekt{
    sprachkürzel:
        male:
            name:
                [VoicePersonalities]
        female:
            name:
                [VoicePersonalities]
}